docs: Add a note about ansible_date_time (#74636)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_vars_facts.rst

You can use facts in conditionals (see :ref:`playbooks_conditionals`) and also in templates. You can also use facts to create dynamic groups of hosts that match particular criteria, see the :ref:`group_by module <group_by_module>` documentation for details.

> .. note:: We discourage the use of ``ansible_date_time`` for the long running playbooks. You might want to consider other options like ``pipe`` filter like ``lookup('pipe', 'date +%Y-%m-%d.%H:%M:%S')`` or using :ref:`now() <templating_now>` with a Jinja 2 template.

Reviewer: it worths mention it why is it discouraged, by adding "Because it's value is cached, we discourage ..."

Author: `ansible_date_time` is taken at the time of fact gathering. If the playbook is long-running then this fact is no longer valid or may not be useful.

> .. note:: We discourage the use of ``ansible_date_time`` for the long running playbooks. You might want to consider other options like ``pipe`` filter like ``lookup('pipe', 'date +%Y-%m-%d.%H:%M:%S')`` or using :ref:`now() <templating_now>` with a Jinja 2 template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: Because ``ansible_date_time`` is created and cached when Ansible gathers facts before each playbook run, it can get stale with long-running playbooks. If your playbook takes a long time to run, use the ``pipe`` filter (for example, ``lookup('pipe', 'date +%Y-%m-%d.%H:%M:%S')``) or :ref:`now() <templating_now>` with a Jinja 2 template instead of ``ansible_date_time``.
```
